hey guys welcome to lingua marina my
mission here
is that you use a lot of different
phrases
that mean kind of the same thing i've
done a lot of videos like stop saying
yes stop saying no
today is one of those videos because i
want you to stop
saying that's not good i have this thing
myself
where i just stick to one word like word
nice and i would say
oh my god this is so nice oh your dress
is so nice oh your baby is so nice
or another word that i love using all
the time is the word cute
and i say oh my god your dog is so cute
or your baby's so cute
and my speech is like cute cute and cute
which is
fine but it's boring right
boring we we're using the same words
over and over again it's boring that's
repetitive and we want to sound more
interesting
and this is why i like this topic when
we just learn
synonyms we learn different alternatives
and today we're going to learn
alternatives to
the phrase that's not good first it has
a really great purpose for your
vocabulary and second it's great because
you would understand the english
language culture more
for example i come from a background
where we're really straightforward so if
something sucks we say it sucks it's not
good
but when i went to new york film academy
in los angeles and i was working as a
director and i was directing a movie
with our kind of student crew i was like
this sucks
this doesn't work and my teacher would
be like marina you can't do that
you need to be more polite you need to
be more welcoming because if you're
just too negative with people they would
be discouraged from working with you
they would not see incentive to improve
because you're just bringing them down
and letting them down all the time
with your phrases so this is when i
decided that i would learn
alternatives to a phrase that's not good
and this is what we're gonna do
today as well phrase number one is
very british very polite it sounds like
it leaves
a lot to be desired your oyster
etiquette leaves a lot to be desired
and when you say it what you actually
mean
is that's too bad i don't like it but
because you don't want to be too rude
for example if you're with
your colleagues that you don't really
know too well
or if you just met new people or you are
in a formal situation
you just want to be as polite as
possible so if you really don't like the
report if you don't really like the
performance of your colleagues you would
say
it leaves a lot to be desired meaning
you hated their work
which is totally fine but your goal here
is to be as formal as possible
and what i notice in my life as well
sometimes we overreact
sometimes we get too emotional maybe
you're having a bad day
when things just happen happen happen
and you just become too rude with people
that surround you
and that happened to me so many times
when i was rude to a person
too rude and then i regretted that and
then i tried to make things better
but it was too late so i told myself
that
i would try to come down all the time
and i would try to be as formal as
possible
less emotional if possible because it
would only hurt me long term
if i don't stick to that rule and if you
ever had situations like that
like this video because i'm pretty sure
there were situations in your life when
you overreacted and then regret it
and so learning phrases like this would
prevent you from overreacting
you would have them in the back of your
mind and instead of saying
that wasn't good you would say it leaves
a lot to be desired
the next phrase is even more encouraging
you're saying it could be better maybe
somebody
did something which was kind of okay
but it could be better because you know
they could do better
and this is when you say you know i like
it
but it could be better and i'm sure you
can do it
next time another example okay this
lasagna could be better
but it's good for the first time it
could be better
another phrase sounds like it's not
up to scratch and we use it when we talk
about somebody's work
and when we have certain expectations so
for example when you hire somebody to
help you with a website or
help you with a video and you have
certain expectations and they don't meet
them
you can say it's not up to scratch which
means you had higher expectations
but again you're not offending people
with this phrase you're just expressing
whatever you think in a polite way
another phrase
is similar to it's not up to scratch
but it's a little more negative you say
this just won't do you say it in the end
with managing your emotions and your
well i would use it when i'm about to
explode i say
this just won't do you know redo it
leave this room
and come back when you're ready this
just won't do it for me
this phrase means you know that's it
this is
the last thing i'm going to tell you
before i explode but this is a great
alternative to saying
that's not good this just won't do the
next phrase is
that's not okay sometimes people will
tell you you know my boss makes me work
from 9 a.m to 9 00 p.m
even on weekends and i think it's kind
of okay
and there you would intrude and say
that's actually not okay
you should talk to your boss you should
just discuss the situation with your
colleagues
because this is unhealthy this intrudes
into your work life balance
that's not okay and that's not okay
another phrase
is very informal please don't use it in
your
toefl essay or in your university essay
or if you're talking to your colleague
or if you're talking to your boss
the phrase sounds like it sucks for
example
you were supposed to go on a festival or
you had flights booked to london this
summer
and then the whole pandemic thing
happens and you say
it sucks i can't go anywhere i need to
stay home
this really sucks but again make sure
you're using it in the right context
because you can sometimes miss the
context
and people would be offended if you use
this phrase it sucks
and the last but not the least very
informal
very straightforward but i think you
need to learn those phrases because
sometimes people tell them to you
and if you don't know them you don't
know how to react so this phrase is
really informal and i would only use it
with friends the phrase sounds
like it's crap for example somebody asks
you about the movie that you've recently
seen
and you didn't like it at all and you
say it's
crap again don't use it in your essay
it's crap
thank you so much for watching this
video up to the very end guys if you
enjoy the content if you enjoy the way i
teach english
i have the whole workbook where i've
created exercises for you that you can
do
every single day for 30 days they would
take around 30 to 60 minutes of your
time every single day
this way you would improve your english
you would improve your pronunciation
it would improve your listening skills
and you would have a lot of things that
you can print out
and put in front of yourself like tables
for tenses
tables for synonyms etc and i'm really
sure it would
help you learn english faster the link
will be below
thank you so much for watching this
video up to the very end please
subscribe to my channel if you're not
yet subscribed and if you're learning
english
i will see you very soon in my next
videos bye bye